Mine has been a life of much shame.
I can't even guess myself what it must be to live the life of a human being.
I was born in a village in the Northeast, and it wasn't until I was quite big that
I saw my first train. I climbed up and down the station bridge, quite unaware
that its function was to permit people to cross from one track to another. I was
convinced that the bridge had been provided to lend an exotic touch and to
make the station premises a place of pleasant diversity, like some foreign
playground. I remained under this delusion for quite a long time, and it was
for me a very refined amusement indeed to climb up and down the bridge. I
thought that it was one of the most elegant services provided by the railways.
When later I discovered that the bridge was nothing more than a utilitarian
device, I lost all interest in it.
Again, when as a child I saw photographs of subway trains in picture
books, it never occurred to me that they had been invented out of practical
necessity; I could only suppose that riding underground instead of on the
surface must be a novel and delightful pastime.
I have been sickly ever since I was a child and have frequently been
confined to bed. How often as I lay there I used to think what uninspired
decorations sheets and pillow cases make. It wasn't until I was about twenty
that I realized that they actually served a practical purpose, and this revelation
of human dullness stirred dark depression in me.
Again, I have never known what it means to be hungry. I don't mean by
this statement that I was raised in a well-to-do family-I have no such banal
intent. I mean that I have had not the remotest idea of the nature of the
sensation of "hunger." It sounds peculiar to say it, but I have never been
aware that my stomach was empty. When as a boy I returned home from
school the people at home would make a great fuss over me. "You must be
hungry. We remember what it's like, how terribly hungry you feel by the time
you get home from school. How about some jelly beans? There's cake and
biscuits too." Seeking to please, as I invariably did, I would mumble that I
was hungry, and stuff a dozen jelly beans in my mouth, but what they meant
by feeling hungry completely escaped me.